HEY, JOEY.
HOW'D THE AUDITION GO?
INCREDIBLE.
I MET THE DIRECTOR THIS TIME,
AND YOU WILL NEVER BELIEVE
WHO IT WAS.
All:
WHO?
ALL RIGHT.
I'LL GIVE YOU ONE HINT--
WARREN BEATTY.
WOW!
YEAH. THERE'S JUST ONE THING
THAT MIGHT BE KIND OF A PROBLEM.
SEE, I, UH,
I HAD TO KISS THIS GUY.
BECAUSE HE WAS JUST
SO DARN CUTE?
NO. AS PART OF THE AUDITION.
I'M UP FOR THE PART OF THIS GUY
WHO THE MAIN GUY KISSES.
WELL, HEY,
YOU'RE AN ACTOR.
I SAY YOU JUST SUCK
IT UP AND YOU DO IT.
OR YOU JUST DO IT.
I DID DO IT.
I'M A PROFESSIONAL.
SO WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
SEE, AFTER THE SCENE,
MR. BEATTY COMES UP TO ME
AND HE SAYS,
"GOOD ACTOR. BAD KISSER."
CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT?
ME, NOT A GOOD KISSER.
THAT'S LIKE, LIKE...
MOTHER TERESA--
NOT A GOOD MOTHER.
AH, COME ON. WHO CARES
WHAT THAT GUY THINKS?
YOU KNOW,
WHAT DOES WARREN BEATTY KNOW
ABOUT KISSING?
OH.
( chuckles )
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN YOUR DAY ♪
♪ YOUR WEEK, YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN
STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME TOO. ♪
HEY,
WHAT DID YOUR AGENT SAY?
YUP. THIS KISS THING
IS DEFINITELY A PROBLEM.
MR. BEATTY WANTS
TO SEE IT AGAIN ON MONDAY.
MAN, I GOT TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT I'M DOING WRONG.
OH, OKAY, ONE OF YOU GIRLS
COME OVER HERE AND KISS ME.
FORGET IT.
RIGHT.
HEY, COME ON.
I NEED YOUR HELP HERE.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL DO IT.
I'VE KISSED HIM BEFORE.
I CAN DO IT AGAIN.
SEE THIS? THIS IS A FRIEND.
UH-HUH. LET'S GO.
OH, WAIT. I HAVE GUM.
OH.
OKAY.
GOOD. VERY GOOD.
FIRM BUT TENDER.
I'D RECOMMEND YOU
TO A FRIEND.
THEN I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT IS.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
JOEY, MAYBE YOU'RE JUST
NOT USED TO KISSING MEN.
MAYBE YOU TENSED UP
A LITTLE BIT.
MAYBE THAT'S WHAT
YOU NEED TO WORK ON.
YEAH, THAT MAKES SENSE.
OVER MY DEAD BODY.
( chuckling )
AND I'LL BE USING HIS
DEAD BODY AS A SHIELD.
Ross:
COME ON OUT, HONEY.
I'M TELLING YOU, YOU LOOK GOOD.
TELL HER SHE LOOKS GOOD.
OH, MY GOD!
( laughing )
YOU LOOK SO GOOD.
I CANNOT BELIEVE I HAVE
TO WALK DOWN THE AISLE
IN FRONT OF 200 PEOPLE
LOOKING LIKE SOMETHING YOU
DRINK WHEN YOU'RE NAUSEOUS.
SO DON'T. I DON'T SEE WHY WE
HAVE TO GO TO THIS THING ANYWAY.
IT'S YOUR EX-FIANCE'S WEDDING.
BECAUSE I PROMISED
MINDY I WOULD.
YEAH, WELL, YOU PROMISED BARRY
YOU'D MARRY HIM.
LOOK, YOU GUYS,
I HAVE TO GO.
I'M THE MAID OF HONOR.
BESIDES, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I JUST NEED TO BE IN A ROOM
AGAIN WITH THESE PEOPLE
AND FEEL GOOD ABOUT MYSELF.
( laughing )
OOH... SOMEONE'S WEARING
THE SAME CLOTHES
THEY HAD ON LAST NIGHT.
DID SOMEONE GET
A LITTLE ACTION?
YEAH, I MAY HAVE.
WHOO-HOO! STUD.
WHAT DID SHE LOOK LIKE?
WELL, WE HAVEN'T ACTUALLY
MET.
WE JUST STAYED UP
ALL NIGHT TALKING
ON THE INTERNET.
WHOO-HOO! GEEK.
I LIKE THIS GIRL, OKAY?
I SERIOUSLY LIKE THIS GIRL.
YOU KNOW HOW SOMETIMES
I TEND TO GET A LITTLE
DEFENDED AND QUIPPY?
GET OUT.
UH-UH.
PLEASE.
WELL, SHE TOTALLY
CALLED ME ON IT, OKAY?
SHE SAID,
"CUT IT OUT. GET REAL."
AND I DID.
WOW.
WHAT'S THAT LIKE?
IT'S LIKE THIS. ME.
NO JOKES.
ALL RIGHT. STOP IT.
YOU'RE FREAKING ME OUT.
OOH, YEAH.
I DON'T LIKE YOU THIS WAY.
ALL RIGHT,
I'LL SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
BYE, RICHARD.
BYE-BYE.
BYE, SWEETIE.
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU TOO.
( door closes )
"I THINK MY BOYFRIEND'S
EVER SO DREAMY.
I WONDER WHAT
OUR WEDDING'S
GOING TO BE LIKE."
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
WHAT WEDDING?
COME ON. LIKE YOU NEVER TALK
ABOUT THAT?
NO. NEVER.
WE'RE JUST LIVING
IN THE MOMENT.
GOD, IT IS SO NICE,
FOR ONCE
NOT TO GET ALL HUNG UP
ON WHERE THIS IS GOING.
YOU AFRAID
TO ASK HIM?
COULD NOT BE MORE TERRIFIED.
WELL, I THINK
YOU SHOULD
SERIOUSLY CONSIDER
THE MARRIAGE THING.
GIVE RACHEL
ANOTHER CHANCE
TO DRESS UP
LIKE PRINCESS BUBBLE YUM.
Monica:
WHERE'S BENNY?
THERE HE IS.
AW...
YOU KNOW, THAT'S PROBABLY
WHY BABIES LEARN TO TALK--
SO THEY CAN TELL GROWN-UPS
TO CUT IT OUT.
HEY, YOU KNOW, I GOT
A QUESTION FOR YOU.
JUST A LITTLE THING,
NO PRESSURE.
OKAY.
DO YOU EVER, UH, LIKE,
THINK ABOUT THE FUTURE?
SURE I DO.
YEAH? AM I IN IT?
HONEY, YOU ARE IT.
OH, GOD.
YOU'RE ABOUT TO GET SO LUCKY.
YEAH?
YEAH.
KEEP TALKING.
WELL, UM, SOMETIMES I THINK
ABOUT SELLING MY PRACTICE.
MM-HMM.
WE COULD MOVE TO FRANCE.
MAKE FRENCH TOAST.
OOH. OKAY, SO, UM,
WE'RE IN FRANCE...
MM-HMM.
AND, UH, WE'RE
MAKING THE TOAST...
MM-HMM.
DO YOU SEE A LITTLE
BASSINET IN THE CORNER?
LIKE A HOUND?
NOT A BASSET.
A BASSINET.
YOU REALLY NEED
THE BASSINET?
WELL, I JUST THINK
THE BABY WOULD KEEP
FALLING OFF THE DOG.
DO YOU, UM, DO YOU NOT
SEE KIDS IN OUR FUTURE?
OH... HEY,
I LOVE CHILDREN.
I HAVE CHILDREN.
I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE 70
WHEN OUR KIDS GO OFF TO COLLEGE
AND OUR LIFE CAN FINALLY START.
LOOK, I WANT YOU.
NOW.
WELL, THAT'S GREAT.
YOU KNOW, WE DON'T NEED
TO TALK ABOUT THIS NOW.
REALLY. THIS IS SO, LIKE, WAY,
WAY, WAY IN THE FUTURE.
I'M TALKING HOVERCRAFTS
AND APES TAKING
OVER THE PLANET.
COME ON, CHANDLER.
I WANT THIS PART
SO MUCH.
JUST ONE KISS.
I WON'T TELL ANYONE.
JOEY, "NO" MEANS NO.
HEY, HI.
HEY.
I'M SORRY.
WE DON'T HAVE YOUR SHEEP.
OH, RACH,
I THINK YOU LOOK CUTE.
AND YOU-- HUH! YOU...
YOU I COULD EAT
WITH A SPOON.
GET AWAY FROM ME.
I SAID NO.
GUYS, RICHARD'S
WAITING DOWNSTAIRS.
OH, RICHARD'S HERE?
I SHOULD RUN DOWN
AND SAY GOOD-BYE TO HIM.
BYE.
GOOD LUCK.
SO, HOW'S YOUR DATE
WITH YOUR CYBER-CHICK GOING?
OOH, HEY,
WHAT IS ALL THAT?
OH, IT'S A WEB SITE.
IT'S THE GUGGENHEIM MUSEUM.
SEE, UH, SHE LIKES ART,
AND... I LIKE FUNNY WORDS.
( clears throat )
WHAT DOES SHE MEAN BY "HH"?
IT... MEANS
WE'RE HOLDING HANDS.
ARE YOU THE CUTEST?
I'M AFRAID I MIGHT JUST BE.
YOU KNOW WHAT I THINK
IS SO GREAT?
THAT YOU ARE TOTALLY
INTO THIS PERSON
AND YET, FOR ALL YOU KNOW,
SHE COULD BE, LIKE
90 YEARS OLD
OR HAVE TWO HEADS, OR...
IT COULD BE A GUY.
OKAY, IT'S NOT A GUY,
ALL RIGHT?
I KNOW HER.
IT COULD BE, LIKE,
A BIG, GIANT GUY.
MAN, I GOT THIS CLOSE TO HIM
AND MONICA KNEED ME
IN THE BACK.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WE WERE
JUST WONDERING
IF CHANDLER'S
GIRLFRIEND'S A GIRL.
JUST ASK HER HOW LONG
SHE'S GOING TO LIVE.
WOMEN LIVE LONGER THAN MEN.
HOW DO YOU NOT FALL DOWN MORE?
OKAY, ASK HER WHAT IS HER
CURRENT METHOD OF BIRTH CONTROL.
ALL RIGHT.
( clears throat )
"MY HUSBAND IS SLEEPING
WITH HIS SECRETARY."
SHE'S MARRIED?
WELL, AT LEAST WE KNOW
SHE'S A WOMAN.
I CAN'T BELIEVE SHE'S MARRIED.
OH, MAN, I'M SORRY.
THIS MUST BE REALLY
TOUGH FOR YOU, HUH?
I READ THIS ARTICLE
THE OTHER DAY AND IT SAYS
THAT YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO THROW RICE AT WEDDINGS
BECAUSE WHEN PIGEONS
EAT RICE, IT KILLS THEM.
SO THAT'S WHY YOU NEVER
SEE PIGEONS IN SUSHI BARS.
( both chuckling )
SEE, WE'RE
HAVING FUN.
OH, ABSOLUTELY.
YEAH, YOU KNOW
I'M NOT EVEN THINKING
ABOUT THAT THING
THAT WE'RE NOT GOING
TO BE THINKING ABOUT.
NEITHER AM I.
HMM-MM.
YEAH.
HEY, THERE.
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
YEAH. WHEN I WAS
IN THE BATHROOM
I SAW THE WINDOW THAT I CRAWLED
OUT OF AT MY WEDDING
AND... GOD, I JUST
START THINKING
I SHOULDN'T BE HERE,
YOU KNOW? I SHOULDN'T.
PEOPLE ARE GOING
TO BE LOOKING AT ME
AND JUDGING ME AND THINKING
ABOUT THE LAST TIME.
SWEETIE, IT'S
GOING TO BE OKAY.
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S A WEDDING.
GENERALLY, PEOPLE
FOCUS ON THE BRIDE.
GOD, I KNOW.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
ALL RIGHTY!
EVERYBODY LOOK AT ME.
GOOD. ALL RIGHT.
IT'S TIME.
BRIDESMAIDS AND USHERS...
LET'S SEE TWO
LINES. THANK YOU.
OKAY.
I'LL SEE YOU AFTER THE THING.
OKAY. GOOD LUCK.
THANK YOU. OKAY.
OKAY.
AH.
WHY THE HELL
DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
I'M SORRY.
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO DO?
STAND UP AND SHOUT,
"HEY, RACHEL,
YOUR BUTT IS SHOWING"?
OH, MY GOD,
THIS IS SO HUMILIATING.
THE ONLY THING
THAT TOPS THAT ONE
WAS WHEN I WAS
IN EIGHTH GRADE
AND I HAD TO SING
THE "COPACABANA"
IN FRONT OF
THE ENTIRE SCHOOL.
I GOT TWO LINES INTO IT
BEFORE I RAN AND FREAKED OUT.
OH MY GOD, MY ENTIRE LIFE'S
FLASHING BEFORE MY EYES.
RACH, HEY, LOOK.
I REMEMBER THAT.
IT WASN'T SO BAD.
OH, ROSS,
WOULD YOU STOP?
YOU GOT ME.
I'M DATING YOU.
RACHEL.
HI, MR. WEINBERG.
HI, MRS. WEINBERG.
IT'S SO WONDERFUL TO SEE
YOU AGAIN, MY DEAR.
IN FACT, I HARDLY
EXPECTED TO SEE SO MUCH.
YOU TOLD ME YOU DIDN'T
SEE ANYTHING.
I TELL YOU
A LOT OF THINGS.
WELL, IT'S WONDERFUL
TO HAVE YOU
UP AND ABOUT AGAIN, DEAR.
Mr. Weinberg:
STAY WELL.
OKAY. NOW, THAT
IS THE THIRD TIME
SOMEONE HAS SAID SOMETHING
LIKE THAT TO ME TODAY.
RACH? RACH!
OH, HI.
OH, MY GOD!
I'M MARRIED!
I'M MRS. DR. BARRY HUNTER
HYPHEN FARBER.
OH, HONEY. I'M SO
PROUD OF YOU, MIN.
MIN?
OH, RACH. STILL HERE.
AT OUR WEDDING
THEY WERE PACKING UP
THE CHOPPED LIVER
ABOUT NOW.
OH, YEAH,
I LOVE THAT STORY.
UM, I HAVE A QUESTION
FOR YOU GUYS.
WHY DO PEOPLE KEEP SAYING
IT'S GOOD TO SEE ME
UP AND ABOUT?
WELL, UH, AFTER YOU
RAN OUT ON YOUR WEDDING
BARRY'S PARENTS TOLD PEOPLE
YOU WERE SORT OF... INSANE.
INSANE?
FROM THE SYPHILIS.
WHAT?!
WELL, WHAT WERE
THEY GOING TO SAY?
YOU DIDN'T LOVE ME
ANYMORE? COME ON.
ANGELA?
JOEY TRIBBIANI.
LISTEN, UH, WHAT ARE
YOU DOING TONIGHT?
I KNOW YOU'RE SEEING THAT GUY.
I WAS THINKING MAYBE
YOU COULD BRING HIM...
HELLO? HELLO?
AH!
( computer chimes "bing-bong" )
AREN'T YOU GOING
TO ANSWER HER?
THAT'S THE TENTH "BING-
BONG" MESSAGE SHE SENT.
SHE WANTS TO KNOW
WHAT'S WRONG.
WHAT'S WRONG?
YOU'RE MARRIED.
THAT'S WHAT'S WRONG.
OH, MY.
WHAT?
SHE WANTS TO MEET YOU IN PERSON.
HEY, LOOK, PHOEBE, I WANTED
TO MEET HER IN PERSON TOO, OKAY?
BUT SHE'S MARRIED.
SHE HAS A HUSBAND.
WHAT IF THE HUSBAND PERSON
IS THE WRONG GUY
AND YOU ARE
THE RIGHT GUY?
YOU DON'T GET CHANCES
LIKE THIS ALL THE TIME.
IF YOU DON'T
MEET HER NOW
YOU'RE GOING TO BE
KICKING YOURSELF
WHEN YOU'RE 80,
WHICH IS HARD TO DO
AND THAT'S HOW
YOU BREAK A HIP.
OKAY. I'LL DO IT.
OH, YAY! OKAY, GREAT.
GO PUT ON YOUR SHOES
AND THEN MARCH OUT
THERE AND MEET HER.
OH, MY GOD. NO! WAIT.
YOU HAVE TO TAKE A SHOWER,
'CAUSE... EWW.
I'LL GET THE...
NO, YOU'VE TO... ANSWER HER.
ANSWER HER FIRST.
NO, NO. MAKE SOME COFFEE
'CAUSE IT'S TOO MUCH.
♪ TALL AND TAN ♪
♪ AND YOUNG AND LOVELY... ♪
OKAY. ONE MORE, PLEASE.
I'M GOING TO GET IT IN
THIS TIME. I WILL.
OKAY. LAST CHANCE.
♪ AND WHEN SHE PASSES, EACH
ONE SHE PASSES GOES "AH"... ♪
AGAIN.
I'M SORRY.
♪ WHEN SHE WALKS,
IT'S LIKE A SAMBA ♪
♪ SWINGS SO COOL,
SWAYS SO GENTLY... ♪
MAYBE I DON'T NEED
TO HAVE CHILDREN.
MAYBE I JUST THINK I DO,
BECAUSE THAT'S WHAT SOCIETY--
AND BY THAT, I MEAN MY MOM--
HAS... HAS ALWAYS
CONVINCED ME THAT I...
♪ OH, BUT I WANT HER
SO BADLY... ♪
I DO.
I HAVE TO HAVE CHILDREN.
I'M SORRY. I JUST DO.
( tapping glass )
Man:
YO!
CAN I HAVE YOUR
ATTENTION, PLEASE?
BEST MAN MAKING
A TOAST HERE.
THANK YOU.
( clears throat )
I REMEMBER WHEN
BARRY GOT HOME
FROM HIS FIRST
DATE WITH RACHEL...
( clears throat )
WHAT? YOU HIRED
THE SAME BAND.
I CAN'T USE
THE SAME SPEECH?
( rim shot )
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
ANYWAY, I WISH
YOU BOTH
A... A WONDERFUL
LIFE TOGETHER.
AWW...
AND RACHEL...
WHAT?
NO, NO, NO.
IN ALL SERIOUSNESS.
THERE'S NOT A LOT OF WOMEN
WHO WOULD HAVE HAD THE GUTS
TO COME BACK HERE TONIGHT
AND EVEN FEWER WHO'D DO IT
WITH THEIR ASSES
HANGING OUT!
CLASSIC!
( clears throat )
UH, I'D LIKE TO ADD
SOMETHING TO THAT.
WHY ARE YOU ADDING?
IT'S OKAY.
MOST OF YOU
DON'T KNOW ME.
UH, I'M RACHEL'S
BOYFRIEND...
OH, DEAR GOD.
...ROSS.
UH, AND, UH, I'D
JUST LIKE TO SAY
THAT IT DID TAKE
A LOT OF COURAGE
FOR RACHEL TO COME
HERE TONIGHT
AND, UH, JUST
FOR THE RECORD
SHE DID NOT RUN OUT ON BARRY
BECAUSE SHE HAD SYPHILIS.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
I'M SERIOUS.
UH, THE REASON
SHE WALKED OUT
ON-ON BARRY
IS SIMPLY THAT...
SHE DIDN'T LOVE HIM
WHICH, INCIDENTALLY, WORKED
OUT PRETTY WELL FOR ME.
CHEERS.
I'LL SEE YOU
IN THE PARKING LOT.
NO, RACH...
AND, ONCE AGAIN,
SHE IS OUT OF HERE.
OKAY. WHO HAD 9:45? HMM?
HUH!
( sighs )
YOU KNOW WHAT, BAR?
I'M NOT GOING TO LEAVE.
I PROBABLY SHOULD,
BUT I'M NOT.
SEE, 'CAUSE I PROMISED MYSELF
I WOULD MAKE IT THROUGH
AT LEAST ONE OF YOUR WEDDINGS.
SEE, NOW, TONIGHT, ALL I REALLY
WANTED WAS TO MAKE IT
THROUGH THIS EVENING
WITH A LITTLE BIT
OF GRACE AND DIGNITY.
WELL, I GUESS WE CAN ALL AGREE
THAT'S NOT GOING TO HAPPEN.
( clears throat )
I GUESS THERE'S NOTHING
REALLY LEFT TO, UH, SAY...
EXCEPT, UM...
♪ HER NAME WAS LOLA ♪
♪ SHE WAS A SHOW GIRL... ♪
♪ WITH YELLOW FEA... ♪
♪ ...FEATHERS IN HER HAIR ♪
♪ AND A DRESS CUT DOWN
TO THERE ♪
♪ SH-SHE...
SHE WOULD... ♪
♪ MERENGUE... ♪
THANK YOU, HONEY.
♪ AND DO THE CHA-CHA ♪
♪ CHA-CHA ♪
♪ AND WHILE
SHE'D LIKE TO BE A STAR ♪
♪ TONY ALWAYS TENDED BAR... ♪
WAIT! WAIT!
EVERYBODY!
All:
♪ AT THE COPA ♪
♪ COPACABANA ♪
♪ THE HOTTEST SPOT
NORTH OF HAVANA ♪
♪ AT THE COPA ♪
♪ COPACABANA ♪
♪ MUSIC AND PASSION
WERE ALWAYS THE FASHION ♪
♪ AT THE COPA... ♪
OKAY.
I'LL DO IT.
YOU'LL DO WHAT?
IF KIDS IS WHAT IT
TAKES TO BE WITH YOU
THEN KIDS IT IS.
OH, MY GOD.
IF I HAVE TO,
I'LL-I'LL DO
IT ALL AGAIN.
I'LL DO THE 4:00
FEEDING THING.
I'LL GO TO THE
P.T.A. MEETINGS.
I'LL COACH THE
SOCCER TEAM.
REALLY?
YEAH, IF I HAVE TO.
MONICA...
I DON'T WANT
TO LOSE YOU.
SO, IF I HAVE TO DO IT
ALL AGAIN, THEN I WILL.
YOU ARE THE MOST
WONDERFUL MAN.
AND IF YOU HADN'T HAVE SAID,
"IF I HAVE TO," LIKE,
17 TIMES...
THEN I'D BE SAYING,
"OKAY. LET'S DO IT."
( sighs )
BUT YOU'RE NOT.
OH, MY GOD.
I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT
I'M GETTING READY TO SAY.
I WANT TO HAVE A BABY.
BUT I DON'T WANT
TO HAVE ONE WITH SOMEONE
WHO DOESN'T REALLY
WANT TO HAVE ONE.
I...
( sighs )
I LOVE YOU.
I KNOW YOU DO.
ME TOO.
SO, WHAT NOW?
( sighs )
I GUESS WE JUST...
KEEP DANCING.
WHERE IS SHE?
OH, HEY. I HAVE
A QUESTION.
WHERE IS SHE?
CHANDLER...
RELAX, CHANDLER.
SHE'LL BE HERE.
OH. OH.
OH. THAT'S HER.
YEAH, 'CAUSE LIFE'S
JUST THAT KIND.
Phoebe:
STOP STARING
AT THE DOOR.
IT'S LIKE A WATCHED POT.
IF YOU KEEP LOOKING AT IT
THEN THE DOOR
IS NEVER GOING TO BOIL.
I THINK WHAT
YOU HAVE TO DO
IS TRY NOT TO...
OH, MY GOD.
OH...
MY...
GOD.
All:
OH... MY... GOD.
I'VE BEEN FEELING
INCREDIBLY GUILTY
BECAUSE I WANT
TO BE A GOOD FRIEND.
DAMN IT. I AM A GOOD FRIEND.
SO JUST SHUT UP
AND CLOSE YOUR EYES.
UH...
WOW.
YOU ARE A GOOD FRIEND.
OF COURSE, THE AUDITION
WAS THIS MORNING
AND I DIDN'T GET IT.
BUT THAT WAS A HELL OF A KISS.
RACHEL IS A VERY LUCKY GIRL.